feat(Capacitor): Migration guides for version 2 (#13022)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/guides/capacitor/migration/v1-to-v2/index.mdx

---
title: Migrate from 1.x to 2.x
sidebar_order: 7920
description: "Learn about migrating from Sentry Capacitor SDK 1.x to 2.x"
---

Version 2 of the Sentry Capacitor SDK primarily introduces API cleanup and version support changes.

This update contains behavioral changes that will not be caught by type checkers, linters, or tests, so we recommend carefully reading through the entire migration guide instead of relying on automatic tooling.

> Version 9 of the SDK is compatible with Sentry self-hosted versions 24.4.2 or higher (unchanged from v8). Lower versions may continue to work, but may not support all features.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
Version 2 of the SDK is compatible with Sentry self-hosted versions 24.4.2 or higher (unchanged from v1). Lower versions may continue to work, but may not support all features.
````

### TypeScript Version Policy

In preparation for v2 of the OpenTelemetry SDK, the minimum required TypeScript version is increased to version `5.0.4`.

## How to upgrade to SDK version 2:

> - Capacitor V2 requires Sentry JavaScript SDK on version 9.x. We recommend reading below [migration guide](#sibling-migration-guide) docs to find out how to address any breaking changes when upgrading to the sibling SDK.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
- Capacitor version 2 depends on Sentry JavaScript SDK version 9. We recommend reading below [migration guide](#sibling-migration-guide) docs to find out how to address any breaking changes when upgrading the sibling SDKs.
````
